TINY-9754: now fontsizeinput revert to old value instead of setting a default value (#8628)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> ### Improved
> - Now triyng to set a font size with an invalid unit in `fontsizeinput` cause to get back to the original value. #TINY-9754
> 
> ### Fixed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fixed
- Setting an invalid unit in the fontsizeinput would not have any effect on the font size and revert it back to the original value. #TINY-9754
```

Author: moved

- The `urlinput` dialog component would not open the typeahead dropdown when the input value was reset to an empty string. #TINY-9717
- Fixed the mouse pointer style from a text cursor to a default arrow pointer when hovering over the tree dialog component items. #TINY-9692
- Enabled variant of togglable `tox-button` and `tox-button--secondary` now supports `hover`/`active`/`focus`/`disabled` states. #TINY-9713

> - Setting an invalid unit in the `fontsizeinput` would not have any effect on the font size and revert it back to the original value. #TINY-9754

Author: changed
